Notification of IP rights infringement - DOMAIN

Dear Sir or Madam,


We write to you on behalf of our client Eli Lilly and Company (“Lilly”). As you may be aware, Lilly is one of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies (see www.lilly.com) and has been in the pharmaceutical industry for over 145 years. During this time, Lilly has consistently been at the forefront of significant medical breakthroughs, including introducing its Zepbound® (Tirzepatide) medication in 2023, the first and only FDA-approved GIP and GLP-1 dual receptor agonist, which is an injectable prescription medicine for medical weight loss.


Lilly holds at least seventy-one (71) trademark registrations for the ZEPBOUND trademark in as many as fifty-four (54) jurisdictions around the world and approximately thirty-eight (38) pending applications for the same in an additional eighteen (18) jurisdictions.


Lilly manages and controls the exclusive rights to develop, manufacture, distribute and sell Zepbound® branded pharmaceuticals and apply the ZEPBOUND trademark to the same and no third party may do so without Lilly’s consent.


Lilly recently learned that the website accessible at [DOMAIN] utilizes the ZEPBOUND trademarks in a manner that that gives a false and misleading impression that the Domain and associated website are affiliated with, endorsed by or otherwise associated or approved by Lilly. They are not. Such unlawful use of Lilly’s ZEPBOUND trademarks causes a likelihood of confusion and deceives the public as to the affiliation, connection and association of the content with Lilly and its products. This unlawful activity also strongly suggests that the domain is selling counterfeit products to unsuspecting consumers who could suffer adverse health effects and/or death.


As a result, and in keeping with your Terms of Service,
Lilly demands that you—the hosting provider of the aforementioned website(s)—remove all of the hosted content associated with the following URLs:


Lilly demands that you—the registrar of the aforementioned website(s)—terminate  the following URL:


[LIST URL FOR SPECIFIC ACTION]


Lilly looks forward to your immediate cooperation as it trusts that you are committed to doing your part to keep the Internet safe from pharmaceutical counterfeits and the attendant risks to consumer safety and health.


This letter is not intended as a full recitation of the facts or a complete review of applicable law.  Nothing contained in or omitted from this letter is or should be deemed to be a limitation, restriction, or waiver of any of Lilly’s rights or remedies, either at law or in equity. Lilly expressly reserves all its legal and equitable rights and remedies.


Respectfully,
BrandShield Ltd.
