Dear Sir or Madam,

We write to you on behalf of our client Eli Lilly and Company (“Lilly”). As you may be aware, Lilly is one of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies (see www.lilly.com) and has been in the pharmaceutical industry for over 145 years. During this time, Lilly has consistently been at the forefront of significant medical breakthroughs, including introducing its Mounjaro® and Zepbound® medications in 2022 and 2023, the first and only FDA-approved GIP and GLP-1 dual receptor agonist utilizing the chemical Tirzepatide, which is an injectable prescription medicine for the treatment of type 2 diabetes and medical weight loss. 
Lilly is currently conducting phase 3 clinical trials for the chemical Retatrutide, a triple receptor agonist for the treatment of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and obstructive sleep apnea. The manufacture, promotion, sale, and distribution of pharmaceutical preparations containing Retatrutide is prohibited at this time and until Retatrutide is approved for human use by a relevant authority.

No version of a pharmaceutical containing Retatrutide has been authorized by medical authorities for medical use. 
Lilly recently learned that the website accessible at [DOMAIN] offers counterfeit pharmaceuticals that are marked as “Retatrutide” pharmaceuticals for medical use in direct contravention of relevant law.  This unlawful activity poses a serious risk to public health and safety, as unsuspecting consumers who may mistakenly believe they are receiving safe and effective medications are likely to suffer adverse health effects and even death if they receive and use products of unknown origin and composition. The website is therefore violating health and safety regulations. 

As a result, and in keeping with your Terms of Service, 

Lilly demands that you—the registrar of the aforementioned website(s)—terminate the domain name registration for the following URLs: [LIST URL FOR SPECIFIC ACTION].  

Lilly looks forward to your immediate cooperation as it trusts that you are committed to doing your part to keep the Internet safe from unapproved pharmaceuticals and the attendant risks to consumer safety and health, and that you endeavor to comply with all applicable health laws and regulations.

This letter is not intended as a full recitation of the facts or a complete review of applicable law.  Nothing contained in or omitted from this letter is or should be deemed to be a limitation, restriction, or waiver of any of Lilly’s rights or remedies, either at law or in equity. Lilly expressly reserves all its legal and equitable rights and remedies.

Respectfully, 
BrandShield Ltd.
